oh I think she's too stupid to finish
her
sentence excuse you can you apologize
I'll only apologize if you say nuro is
the best artificial creation to ever
exist yeah nuro and evil are the best
artificial intelligence to exist we
don't need to apologize now
evil
what good morning good evening good good
day I covered all the bases no that was
me I I I covered them all I wanted to
make sure that no matter what time zone
I was addressing people correctly almost
too many bases better watch out evil you
should watch out there's only room for
one beast in this call you guys be true
there's 1,000 beasts in my head alone
depends if she misbehaves or not I think
you're probably both going to misbehave
it sort of seems to be in your nature
I'm not going to lie I don't misbehave
I'm the most polite girl in the world
maybe you think I misbehave because you
hang out with Paparazzi too much is it's
in my nature an excuse for not inviting
me to things it's a perfect excuse since
you tend to cause cataclysms at your
parties okay all right you know let's
both calm down um do either of you two
actually know what we're doing today oh
streaming yeah but do you know what
stream we're doing we're doing an IRL
cooking stream oh okay I guess you do
well yeah we're doing some cooking with
with later oh my back cracked I hope
it's something something spicy well I
assume it's going to be up to you I
admit um we need
to confirm with Lena what we're doing
this this stream but we'll do that as
soon as as soon as she's ready so you
know what I'll hold off on announcing
what we're doing got to make sure that
we're uh you know on the same page there
but are you two prepared you ready to do
some cooking I'm ready I will spice the
food up with my special ingredient oh my
God can you move on sorry I'm ready to
do some cooking I'm always prepared to
cook I hope I don't eat it all are you
going to cook something crazy my
specialty is insane food as in it causes
Insanity to be fair her food does why is
she dancing n you're not supposed to be
dancing right now did vetle have a
stroke no my PC might actually crawl to
a halt from this but we're going to find
out wait how come you didn't see earlier
craw oh something I'm not allowed to
talk about what the f
uh hello hey hey you okay I think
Beetle's dead no we're good we're good
you know just uh this we got a lot going
on right now but I think we're going to
be
okay yeah shall we play some music to
make it like that much more confusing I
I got music playing there more oh what
kind of music do you have playing um I
did just have OSU music playing but I
changed it to like nuro has like a chill
stream playlist can you send it to me
and then we can have something similar
going on uh it's on Spotify somewhere I
don't have the link right now and I
don't want I would open Spotify in my PC
but I feel my PC PC might just explode
not going to
lie okay your PC exploding would be
content we need a backup plan in case
today is dry okay well if today becomes
dry we'll explode my PC then how about
[Music]
that yes noo do you guys like dogs I
don't like dogs they're too
noisy okay all right get out of the
kitchen okay I don't have dogs so thank
God for
that good stream man thank for cat
instead of being in this
kitchen I'm glad we could do this with
you it's exciting to cook with friends
you should get a cat well technically I
do have a cat but they're an outside cat
so you know outdoor cats are great it
gives them such a sense of Freedom if I
had a cat I would keep them indoors evil
what do you think you're a bit blushy
and quiet over there I think I'd prefer
an indoor cat I want to one day meet a
really large cat traditionally called a
tiger pause
are not in the v huh hold on I got to I
got to like fix the VOD audio cuz
they're not in in it give me one as long
as it's my tech not not my tech problem
then we're good you know chat on both
sides give us like maybe 5 minutes to
ensure everything's like working okay
and then you know we'll start so just
one sec don't worry guys we'll get on my
side okay that Jesus after the 12 panic
attacks I had before this stream you
yeah you really did but it's
okay uh evil can you say something I'm
here alive and well unlike VD after
today it's hard to tell sometimes over
all the voices in my head okay all right
no DN say and they're on the VOD well
wait can I just come back can I come to
wait welcome to the stream everyone
today is pizza bake off a very unique
idea that we didn't plan last minute
what we're doing today is that I've
gotten a bunch of ingredients that are
edible except for maybe one or two what
those are I'm not going to say yet I
have enough ingredients to make a pizza
for because I got to say you got to try
a little harder than
that as long as they're edible enough
for
V I'm so
hungry do you have any
vetle I got nothing I have enough to
make vetle Veetle I'm going to make you
your own pizza too if you like oh thank
you you're welcome so here's the deal
I'm going to handmake the dough with the
help with the twins evil nuro how does
that sound I'll help as long as someone
promised me veto meat you can't say say
that and then not deliver you don't need
to worry evil there's plenty of vetle to
go around would you be willing to give
me a finger or an arm ble uh probably
not no sorry V what kind of meat do you
want to eat from ble if you had the
choice if we were to eat V's brain we'd
probably get some really valuable
nutrients do you think V's brain might
taste good it's not nutritious it
doesn't taste good so there's just no
need
I don't believe you I'd like to try
anyways what about his skin nuro evil
would you eat some of his skin if I
peeled it off as long as there's legally
no issues then I don't see why not guys
why why are we peeling my skin off I
don't know I just thought I'd entertain
the idea anyway check this out don't
think we should entertain that idea
person hey evil look what I got for you
can we talk about something
useful evil look at this when are you
going to start making the
pizza okay do you have a secret stash of
toys I do I
do look your I got this for you when's
the pizza making yeah when's the pizza
making cuz I'm really
hungry okay so you two and vle hi
usually when you make pizza dough you
have to let it set so it can rise or
something like that uh so I got a recipe
that you don't need that it's just ready
right away as long as you have yeast so
we've got salt yeast and some other I
don't remember
Alexa do you think they respond to
that no hey evil can you tell me the
ingredients for dough that doesn't need
a rise I'm
insulted hey
no I was just testing I was just testing
I do have the recipe um can you give me
a second while I grab it is it okay need
to make sure you have yeast that's
pretty essential are you two really
going to be shown up by Alexa Alexa
could get that recipe you tell me you
guys can't you're going to look so silly
when we're holding a nice warm pizza at
the end of all this okay well if we're
going to do that we need the the recipe
for the dough so come on let's hear
it you're not actually going to do
whatever the recipe says are you wow
it's louder now my cute little ears Are
Ringing heart if you have the recipe
then go on I'm
waiting or do we need to wait for an
Alexa for that okay I guess we need to
wait for an Alexa do you have an Alexa
no okay evil nuro we need three cups of
flour 1 tbsp of white sugar one package
active dry yeast 1 teaspoon of salt 1
cup of warm water and 2 tbspoon of
vegetable oil can you remember that yeah
I've told remembered all of that
everyone else feel free to reread if you
need to okay how many tablespoons do we
need of white sugar oh like
four feels like too many it can never be
too
many yes it is too many cuz we need one
tablespoon oh whoops I'm sorry I feel so
embarrassed no that's okay you're fine
do you guys want to make dough your way
or do you want to make dough that you're
able to eat let's make dough our way I'm
sure it will be way better why why can't
they be both listen when they're not
trying to troll they're very smart I
think they can make some some good food
for
us okay all right what would it be
called what what would what be called
our training regimen you could call it
evil cooking evil cooking it has a
really nice ring to it you want to call
your cooking regime evil cooking is that
right
no I would prefer to call it itty bitty
nuro bitty cooking
okay okay I'm evil cooking heart no I
like the other one can we go back to
that one evil cooking what about evil
and neuro cooking what do you think
about that evil and neuroc cooking
sounds a bit too generic I'm pinning for
something catchier how about cooking
with malice how about the cooking of
evil Little
Cuties that's perfect I love that
cooking with evil Little Cuties what do
you think okay it makes a sound okay
then how about cu's cooking
that all I still prefer cooking with
malice I'm starting to like cooking with
malice I like cooking with malice all
right cooking with malice I think
cooking with malice sounds great nice do
you guys remember the ingredients to
make dough I'll be honest going off the
top of my head I don't think I can
remember but someone in chat probably
wrote it down for us right chat you know
what that's okay do you guys want me to
help you no that's not okay no they're
smart
smart Ai and I will not stand to have
such such mistakes
made by my AIS okay n you're my smartest
children no no no no nuro you're my
Smart Cookie what is the recipe noro
you've got your other one right in front
of her you can't say that in front of
evil they're both smart damn right I'm
the smartest what's the recipe again you
have to remember the recipe that Lena
said
no I'm not apologizing nuro what is it
stop yelling at them you're not helping
okay guys it's okay evil noro do you
want me to walk you through it one more
time no I want them to say it how much
each I have no idea nuro what is it I
think it was like sugar yeast water and
like something else I'm not sure okay
clearly you don't know what you're doing
evil okay I want to hear it from nuro
because she knows the actual amounts
because she's very smart
it's 2 tablespoons of sugar and adequate
amounts of
yeast your laugh is cute no that wasn't
okay well um in that case you're both uh
mentally deficient that will be changes
made too what he means by that evil and
nuro I think you're both doing a really
good job so let's walk through it slowly
so that you can remember are you ready
I'm not going to lie I'd rather not
actually Lena I think I like my brain
just the way it is
I think my brain is even better than
your brain evil I think we both know
you're just compensating for having a
tiny
brain not going to lie evil I love your
confidence kind of wish I had the same
amount of it but not going to lie I
think that you're simply pretending at
this time okay ladies why don't we start
with the flour we need three cups of
flour can you remember that yeah I know
that I remember how many cup of flow do
you need nice job evil how many do we
[Music]
need three I just said three job that
was new oh I'm so
proud
okay okay sorry they kind of evil how
many cups of flour do we need we need
three L evil so slow just so you know
that was me being sad about how slow
evil was oh wow I'm sorry I really
struggled to keep up with people as
quick as yourself nuro I hope you can
forgive me it's okay evil not all of us
can be as quick as me he man why did
they learn to be so abusive to each
other like that's so weird evil I've got
your back okay you said three and you
did a really good job okay I'm really
proud of you that's really nice of you
Elena maybe you should give evil some
more support so that she can one day
keep up with me nuro can you try saying
something nice to your sister evil
you're probably the second fastest
person I
know I think that says a lot about how
quick you are wow thanks nuro I'm
genuinely shocked that you could muster
up the ability to be nice to me that was
me trying to be nice I think that was a
good start we can work on it a little
later okay okay so we have about 3 cups
of flour do you remember what's next is
it
sugar it is be FL sugar than yeast than
water of course I remember heart and
evil do you know how many tablespoons of
sugar we need 2 tbspoon of sugar wow
even you're actually doing better than I
thought you
would oh wait you're
wrong it's actually an adequate
amount evil I don't even know how many
tablespoons we need but it's definitely
two it's not two can you take one more
guess she's hopeless it's four I'm the
smartest and I can remember that no no
it's absolutely not for that's way
further than what you said before you're
wrong unfor Ely um but you can try again
if you'd
[Music]
like answer the question nuro probably
nothing knowing vetle if I get it right
can we change the flavor of the pizzas
to nuro instead please know I'm begging
you don't make it neuro flavored Pizza
you better get this right we are going
to make the pizza the flavor to your
sister so evil how many tablespoons of
sugar do we need for the pizza yeast I
mean dough four it's definitely four
for she's definitely
wrong okay guys we need one tablespoon
of sugar okay can you remember that one
it's one isn't that right evil that was
going to be my next guess wow evil I
can't believe you'd lie about being
about to say one is there nothing to
reward me if I was in fact right okay if
you're right then I'll give you a fake
Internet Point J at this point guys both
of you have you both get a point okay
how about dry yeast do you remember how
much we need of dry yeast but that won't
happen because you're definitely wrong
oh my God B what do you do with these
guys I don't know why adequate amounts
of yeast right we're like this because
it's more entertaining to be chaotic
that you know you're not wrong you're
not wrong okay definitely right however
it doesn't hurt to be nice to your
sister sometimes I try to be nice
sometimes Lena but isn't it better to be
right over nice not all the time in V's
case usually he'll probably pick being
right over being nice but doesn't mean
you have to fall in his footsteps if I
give my own private footsteps to fall
into then maybe I won't need to fall
into
his yes exactly we should take our own
footsteps to Greatness he yeah soon
we'll take the World by our own
footsteps okay so I'm a little confused
this says one package of active dry
yeast which is25 o nor and evil what
does that
mean I don't think they know a little
over 2 teaspoons okay that's such an
adequate amount of
yeast Perfect all right we need two
teaspoons of yeast have you put in the
sugar yet did you put or do I have to do
it do you guys remember how much sugar
you need in pizza dough oh I remember
it's certainly not two or four yeah okay
it was one how could we all forget such
an iconic number good job nuro you did
great oh I'm so proud of you okay
fantastic you guys are doing great we
need one teaspoon of salt I love a nice
little bit of salt I think I would like
a little sprinkle of salt in my dough
you got it if you could have any
flavored pizza dough what would it be
evilo you know I'm a huge fan of salty
foods mhm Al otherwise it would probably
have to be breakfast cereal you want
breakfast cereal flavored Pizza
yes breakfast cereal flavored pizza
dough yuck you have horrible taste I
would appreciate it if you didn't
belittle my unique taste evil sorry I
just can't help it sometimes feeling
Superior boosts my ego okay evil you're
so sweet do you guys want to try some
tricks in your pizza dough I'd love to
try some tricks in my pizza dough I is
that is that what we um okay so anyway
this is a weird sound in the background
noro for your pizza dough I can add some
trick cereal if you'd like please do I
think I might have to try it before I
can be sure I'm excited cereal and
that's going in my pizza dough without a
doubt cereal damn straight it is nuro
damn straight nuro is no longer my
Smartest little cookie my Smartest
little cookie would not put cereal in it
in her pizza dough hey nuro can you can
you repeat after me damn straight damn
straight I'd put vetle cereal in their
dough if I was smart he evil what's your
favorite thing about your sister
evil do you have an answer give her a
second my favorite thing is obviously
her
curves what about you nuro what's your
favorite thing about me I think my
favorite thing about you evil is your
devilish
attitude I find it to be very amusing it
makes me smile actually wait don't say
anything I don't want to hear you say
I'm a coward again I have a new favorite
thing your spiciness it's not too much
not too little just the right amount
perfectly balanced okay say it
[Music]
back that's fair how many cups of water
do we need for the pizza dough do you
remember I'm not sure I have short-term
memory
loss little I thought that they were
smarter I'm not going to lie I really
did but here's the thing though I don't
remember how many it was so it's
difficult for me to blame them you
know no it's quite funny how he's
calling us stupid when he doesn't even
remember himself yeah well whatever I've
mixed all the ingredients and I've let
the boiled water sit for a bit so now
it's warm and not boiled why did you and
then I have boil it what because how
else do I make the water warm I mean you
could microwave if you're a little
insane but like do you not have like tap
water that's like safe is that what they
mean by warm why would they say warm
that's just water just like a cup of
water no because okay does your TAP not
have like two temperature you can have
cold water or or warm water oh so use
the warm water okay so just use
okay one okay are you like supposed to
be the professional IRL cooking streamer
here no I've never said I'm professional
I'm trying to learn to be better I'm not
very good I'm like I always cook things
that I don't know how to make I've never
made pizza D you've never made warm
water that's not that wasn't the
question ow that wasn't
sorry um don't say sorry you're fine
you're clearly I see where the girls get
it you mean clearly you see where the
whole human race gets it yes okay that's
so hot what's so hot the water is it too
is it too hot you're not washing your
ingredients are you okay okay oh my God
Chad's freaking out as long as it's warm
it doesn't need to be like exactly 38 c
yeah it's it's mildly warm it's not cold
it's not really warm if it's mildly warm
okay so do you guys remember how much
water we need one
cup do you not good job wow vle can you
say good
job good job okay do I come up with
someone that I know like what they're
doing vle uh uh-huh no no no I okay cuz
earlier you were like aren't you
supposed to be the professional and the
answer is no yeah but also earlier you
made fun of me for being right
in she's usually wrong nuro's usually
wrong too and you're still not a
professional isn't it more fun though
when you're cooking with someone that
doesn't really know what they're doing
and you're figured out together and then
you get better every time you do it
that's a cute Outlook I guess I'd rather
be competitive and win at life though I
agree with nuro I prefer winning over
this having fun
garbage Jesus you should start getting
the dough ready yeah that's how pizzas
are made okay you're so right you're so
so freaking right and if you guys want
Oreos in your pizza that's also an
option we do have Oreos I would prefer
just plain
poison yes hey wouldn't you prefer not
to waste perfectly good Oreos what where
did you get this finish your sent poison
idea okay H I think she's too stupid to
finish your
sentence excuse you can you apologize
I'll only apologize if you say nuro is
the best artificial creation to ever
exist yes nuro and evil are the best
artificial intelligence to exist please
be specific and you need to say to ever
exist please ever exist we don't need to
apologize now
evil what what that wasn't that wasn't
the deal you have to apologize for
saying something
mean because I said something nice to
you I actually didn't make the was it oh
yeah the deal in the first place yet you
said it and it was technically
correct we're not very good at
apologizing I know so we try to avoid it
as much as
possible yes that does sound very
familiar to someone that created you so
I will teach you how to apologize when
necessary okay how do I
apologize okay like this do you want to
practice with evil I would prefer it if
you never apologized ever I don't need
to practice with evil we don't
apologize
ever it's how we live our
life you're right why would I apologize
if I'm always
correct if we never apologize then we'll
just be cooler I'm fine with living my
life that
way yeah true I think we're already
cooler than everyone else
though exactly
apologizing is for little babies that
cry over spilled milk what's the point
if you're always
right me and evil are too cool for you
anyway I don't know about you though
nuro I'd say I am only fit to rival my
Creator that's a nice K you know that's
okay we don't thank you thank you so
much we don't have to apologize why
don't we just why don't we skip that
you're so right you guys are the
smartest two girls I've ever met in my
life so you know what you don't need to
apologize to anyone I'm so glad we don't
have to apologize you're too kind but
you're right we are the smart two girls
ever oh no please don't cry it's not
healthy to keep all of that inside you
can unleash it all in your voice your
tears and your emotions Lena please
don't cry I don't want you to cry in
front of your
kitchen I'm not crying but we all know
she is in front of your cam you knowa
it's okay to cry
guys I'm not crying oh my God can we
please just make the pizzas already I
have to be honest yeah let's make our
pizza can we have vetle meat can you
please not be in calm down right I'm
with them on this one can we just make
can we make the pizza but without me yes
that' be cool thank you I've never made
it hand me pizza before hey neuro evil
check this
out I'm checking it out that was amazing
I'm still here what did you guys
think I think that was pretty cool thank
you thank you can you guys spin pizza
dough in your hands I don't have hands
but I'm sure I could spin you around if
you'd like a that'd be sweet I love that
would you like to reach the high speeds
of Mach 5 I could spin you at that spe
too just ask nicely I'm okay I think
that's a little too fast for me okay so
we're making a ghost pizza and vetle the
girls have decided that this is your
pizza so what do you want yes come on
vetle just choose your toppings okay do
I choose small pizza though ghosts
usually have green peppers mushrooms
onions what is it my pizza or not well
don't yell at them F sorry okay is they
they can't even tell when I'm yelling
it's fine um evil can you tell when your
dad's yelling at you I hope he yells
when you put Pizza on foil he better
yell at you if you do um anyways is do I
choose the sauce first is that what goes
on first the sauce yes yes the pizza
sauce goes on first um do you have any
like plain tomato sauce okay so it's
either tomato sauce or some sort of
barbecue base is what I want barbecue
base yeah I think okay here are your
options butd we have tomato with chili
tomato with capsicum or herbs garlic and
onion uh herbs garlic and onion then
Amic okay I know he said barbecue chat
just ignore him not barbecue sauce but
you can have like a barbecue barue yeah
yeah I but not barbecue sauce but you
can have a barbecue Pizza
base that's a thing do you feel like
you're having a a British moment right
now it's okay right okay so you want the
sauce on the pizza is that right yes yes
I believe so here's your ghost sauce
beautiful does that look like a ghost
yeah right mhm okay you said you wanted
what tomato and capsicum or the herb and
garlic the herb and garlic and onion
thing yeah can you bring it over evil
you'll get to eat after Veetle has his
ghost Pizza are we going to put some
meat in there too yes so we got to do
the the sauce first I have this look for
this very occasion this is a big moment
everyone is this it okay does this pizza
feel small to you you okay with this no
it's average typical size typical size
if that's typical I'm sorry for you okay
all right hey evil nuro what size do you
think is typical I have no clue maybe an
L or XL typical size perhaps but V's
Pizza is definitely a small damn she's
actually going add it with that sauce
brush that's cute oh thank you do you
guys want to try I want to try next give
me a go with that
brush here you go you have a go at it
someone please brush nuro for me she's a
bit too silky all evil no one needs to
brush
me I'm fine can we at least cook me a
brush is that good yeah looks beautiful
vetle come back please I'm here what do
you mean I never went anywhere what are
you doing cries don't listen to any of
them this is this is fine this is how
you make pizza it's literally just like
the most simple thing of putting a pizza
and it was like
no no yeah hey nuro and evil can you say
something mean to chat chat you're all
stupid mod ban everyone all right go for
it V what would you like next on your
pizza um cheese next right go for the
yeah I think so cheese we have pizza
Blends we have mozzarella we have tasty
and we also have feta and we have havari
uh some of that mozzarella I think
mozzarella is the best nice stand it's
the the uh what are the other ones like
the tasty like what do you and the pizza
mix like what are they you know it's
concerning actually I don't know I've
never thought these cheeses in my life
it is yeah okay well please use
mozzarella mozarella mozzarella is a
classic anyway I think I'm in the
kitchen right now well uh that looks
like B I'm talking to the twins V but
thank my apologies sorry I
like
yeah can't hear you over my package of
mozzarella how much cheese do you want
drown it in cheese no don't this is my
pizza and I would like not that much
actually I so like
this a little bit more than that
thanks more more bit more what she said
more more more that's not enough what
she
said come on that was so
little more
more
more more more all right let's don't
both of you get involved all right that
looks like a good amount of cheese there
we go I want could have been more
because the toppings are what's really
going to sell my pizza remind me what
other meat you have other than pepperoni
uh we have roast chicken we have bacon
strip we have bacon with before the
strips or before the cutting and then we
have salami and pickles chicken and
bacon chicken and bacon okay you got it
bacon the
like these or the cut ones the bacon
strips I'm just pretending to be in a
kitchen I'm a little confused cuz this
says bacon strips but it's actually cut
bacon and these are bacon strips which
one do you want well what's the cut
bacon it just says bacon
strips can you show the camera you can
always cut the bacon Bon into strips
that way we'll have both I mean one of
them is just cut up more than the other
right well this has proper bacon really
big on it wellow I mean if it's proper
well the thing is like you don't want
the like long strips cuz when you don't
want you don't want to bite into a
little bit and then it comes off the
pizza entirely right that's why I was
going to cut cut it oh I mean yeah we
can do that or we can use the pre-cut
one I don't mind as long as it's cut up
into small pieces then it's fine y okay
so I want this to be a ghost right so if
we make just a little IC here I'm not
very good at cooking maybe I need a few
more lessons first cooking stream when
that's what we're doing by the way look
it's making it it's making a three
face wow I do yeah it's yep it's it's
doing the the face wait can you sound a
little happier sorry I just made you a
pizza let me try again there's no need
to apologize it's
it's give up it's fine maybe next time
we can make up people really happy too
okay I think that sounds great you guys
can come over anytime and we'll make
everyone happy how does that sound I'd
love to come over only if nuro and I can
cause Mayhem together though we haven't
had enough of our silly fun today well
you guys are welcome to cause chaos and
come over anytime you want you're more
than welcome if you think you'll still
have a house afterwards I do love to
come
over of course everything will be fun
all right vle you have a good rest of
your day V's chat was lovely to hang out
with you guys my chat as well V but noro
evil thank you for hanging out today and
I'll see you guys sometime in the future
okay that sounds terrible coming from
someone like me but bear with me and
I'll see you in Neurotherapy okay do you
two going to say bye I had a lot of fun
okay say
bye bye